## Privacy Policy
### the authority belongs/corresponds to both the [@xsoft-technologies](https://github.com/xsoft-technologies) and the initiator of project (in this case [@XinYaanZyoy](https://github.com/XinYaanZyoy))

xsoft-technologies built the Xbooks app as an Open Source app. This SERVICE is provided by xsoft-technologies at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Xbooks unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

**Security**

We value your trust, as informed in CLI app, pipeline app, and documentation of Xbooks that; this project or xsoft-technologies do not carry your personal information in any means, the credentials or PATs are merly for the flow of app and it dosn't store them,
PATs however are stored on your CI runner by yourself, your username and social information is stored in .Xbooksrc file in the root of your blog and this app doesn't transmit it anywhere, after initializing, installing and working flow of Xbooks in your repo on
your namespace belongs to you and hence all those files in your blog including those of Xbooks generated do not correspond either to Xbooks or xsoft-technologies.
the CI runner, however pulls an image of Xbooks container from docker, we dont know what happens on that runner except that all files from [app/](https://github.com/xsoft-technologies/Xbooks/tree/master/app) is executed, so the securiy of your files on CI runner depends on what CI platform you're using, Xbooks is responsible only for the Dockerfile script and all those app/ scripts; all other files (if) executed on CI runner it definately dosen't belong or correspond to either xsoft-technologies or initiator of this project.

check out [SSECURITY POLICY](https://github.com/xsoft-technologies/Xbooks/blob/master/SECURITY.md) for more on reporting and finnding solutions!

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact initiator of this project at XinYaanZyoy@gmail.com.

or it is suggested that you raise a question [here](https://github.com/xsoft-technologies/Xbooks/issues/new?assignees=XinYaanZyoy&labels=question&template=question-about-xbooks.md&title=a_question_to_Xbooks_maintainers)

***
This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
